I will definitely not agree with you being together.
Why are you here?
Didn't I say last time that I would send you medicine?
I just had time after get off work, so I came over, thank you.
What's your trouble?
You look exhausted?
Yeah.
Come with me!
Didn't your mother already let us get a divorce?
What are you jealous of?
I didn't say I was leaving.
So what's going on today?
Obviously he doesn't like me very much?
Why did you suddenly change your face?
He didn't say why.
Even let me go on a blind date tomorrow
And he pushed me.
Such a big reaction
Your mother seems to be from
I suddenly changed my face when I saw my mother start
So could it be between the two of them?
What was the holiday before?
It's not impossible
When I was little
I often heard my parents quarrel over a woman
My mother has a stronger personality
And family humor
That's what my dad relies on
Just got rich all the way
But when my dad was young
There is a congenial woman
I can't forget it
So so
The woman your father will never forget
Could it be my mom?